Thinks that *NAME* had a great with birthday party
Como una expression tan simple , una sola oration , suede llegara dañarte tanto
the moment when you get another follower and you cheer
Be the greatest dancer of your life ! practice daily positive habits fun freedom habits
www my moms starting to make her annual rum cake for the whole ramdyal/ally family FMk FMk FMk the smell
If ur heart hurts all the time for the person something is not right where is the
I feel awful , and it is way too freaking early Now off to leadership highschool
So chuffed for sac fans ! Bet me dar comes in mort from the match
Making art and viewing art are different at their core !
Oooo dooowwwn ! Move on , get some sleep Me deserve better forgett yawning
a quot We are sorry , but the clip you selected is not available from your location Please select another clip a quot NOIREFUSE
Een ware Sent a quotin-en uittocht a quot achter de rug Winkel IN , winkel UIT , winkel IN , winkel UIT !
People know they can pull you down and they dont give a care a
My heart and soul *NAME* Babe Bee is leaving me and I ca not even see here
chips and curry sauce
Soo if i hit you , i garrentee i wo not stop type to keep going till i make a bitch bleed formal !
Oh and off to work till midnight
I have a package at the post office Ca not think what could be in it I do not remember internet shopping while drinking
*NAME* bahahahaha so many things i could say RT*NAME* I just shit my pants Pure 100 % gravy
*NAME* morning oh what a bad episode to come in towards the end And only a more episode ? ?
large crowds of manic football fans a amp mascots
There is no concrete equation for joy you ca not explain how to get in your life
I do not need present is of king is but just just to be in the presence of The King Peace Pleasures For Evermore
All my battles r surely handled properly a amp never by me it feels so good
Bringing my cousin a amp his friend to jingle jam a amp they get to see drake a amp i dont ? FMk
Nobody up worth talking too so back to sleep I try to go !
Even if you are bad a something , i cant knock you if you try 1/2 the time , those ppl are the is that love it the most Do not kill their
Someone on my high school football team is also called Moriarty
I just absolutely lost my mind
Christmas lights ? Check ! now its time to decorate inside
Obscura , de app van *NAME* is awesome Towel *NAME* als ik standen daardoor al op de homepage van La fille do
My earlier tweet should Ve said a quote sometimes think I am the youngest person a quot
Working on this third drink tho Someone is trna challenge me to a cook off they Ve already
sounds awful but clot of people are dying recently
Getting Ready to Spend Time With Fam and is What Life Is All About
Group meeting of hours early Ca not wait to present today and rid myself from this bitch suitandtie
is to do calc problemsthat has been my life for the last a hours and will be for the rest of the night
Feeling left out I guess I always have my boyfriend
*NAME* a Janene FUCKS ME OFF I ts like Bitch This is my ultimate favourite song and you are saying where-EBER ? ! ahahah xx
*NAME* I believe you Ve just got on to a hypothetical highway that may be leading to the danger zone mad
So shall they fear the name of the Lord from the west , and his glory from the rising of the sun a of a KV a glory God
December with ! COMMON , good night , cant wait
I only have two class periods left with my favorite teacher
Stupid fucking woman on the bus talks to the bus driver every week for ages I wan na get home u stupid dirty old fuck
been awake since am too tired for black friday fun
*NAME* when u get a chance u should leave that piece out for of min then turn the lights out
*NAME* I would feel obligated if you knew when it happened It is all about the element of
My biggest is loosing you , so please do not make me ever face that fear You have no absolutely no idea how much you mean to me
*NAME* Thanks , but I think a puck to the eye means he probably will stay clear of the Garden
Father forgive me for my and help me live boldly in Your truth Glory Of The Cross
I ca not believe I am saying this but Room 112 by 112 is a big ass simp album
Waiting for the start of from *NAME* The return of Super Dragon will be a great night !
They are playing Manchester Orchestra in between acts Hey Allston Pudding , I really would have liked to go to that concert
SOMETiMESIJUSTSiTBACKANDOBSERVETHiNGS
Guess I better start my psychology paper that is due Monday
literally have not seen the sun in a week and it is finally coming out !
Since this is the season to give I am giving God my problems a solutions , sickness a healing , insecurity a a touch of HISgarment !
Now for the painful walk downstairs
FANTASTIC My amazing memory saves the day again ! Now I can sleep in tomorrow
Naubusan kami ng slot sa k ng MILOMARATHON
People are more likely to die in hospital at the weekend ?
Can honestly say , do not think I Ve ever done so shit in an exam before
Barca 5saraaaw a a 5saaraawwww ya shamaataatiii fehoom Madrid today fallen w barca finally fell
*NAME* haha nah For the most part im done skating for the season unless we get some really nice days It is just to cold
If nobody makes plans by tomorrow morning , I am gon na finally watch all those SVUepisodes crowding my DER
The world didnt give it and the world cant take it away
time to start this research paper
History was not so bad ! Now the last exam on tuesday ! And that would be NS !
Ready to knock some out before 905am today
*NAME* Celebrating your Birthday a amp dropping a new album ? Living life woman style Happy Birthday ! Oxo Success
I have learned to be content in any situation a amp I thank God for peace that surpasses ALLunderstanding
Just had possibly the most awkward conversation in my life
staging environment private server logged in to backed in new window too many connections WTF ?
Soooooo yeah , I think I am gon na start posting my newest fan fiction I was gon na wait till I was finish , but I am excited
Got ta take a customer out for dinner tonight not
a quot In your do not sing not let the sun go down while you are still angry , and DONOTGIVETHE DEVILAFOOTHOLD a quot Ephesians of
sleepy time cant wait to work with *NAME* tomorrow , considering her days are numbered dontwannathinkaboutit
*NAME* I am also putting off getting an eye test as I know ill need glasses !
a *NAME* Jon bought me a bluffly Radley purse yesterday *NAME* London a very nice , lucky you ! x
of What is profound might become absolutely meaningless of
back on the internet no such thing as writing essays
I want cake I bet we do not have any
Je Viens de VOIR le film Les Schtroumpfs avec mes enfants Et jai beaucoup Ri Par contre , bien sir téléchargercesttrèsmal
Remember , men need laughter sometimes more than food
Greatthanksgiving mad people in my house for no apparent reason sah
Do not believe the lies , look me in the eyes please do not be scared of me
It is so cold in here every freaking girls boobs , including my own , have become their own PowerPoint presentation
*NAME* I received my parcel trashed It proves it was teared from backside and thing was removed cheapservice
Got approved for a Kay credit card for up to $ 500 , going to buy James a watch ! Shhhhhh ll
Abundance seeing lots and lots of family , eat lots of delicious food , see many beautiful places repeatedly over the last four days
Traffic jam of Bandra- World Sea link from Bandora to World
Went upstairs for a min and came back to find my puppy ate a huge corner of my book
Little hesitant to apply deodorant ever again
Enjoy this Day Beautiful World and Planet Earth is wonderful people !
Guess what ? I ts Thursday and I have a tests today
Packing to leave tomorrow
Had me zo voorgenomen om Josey self Rijn te laten make Warm zit ik dan Onder de behanglijm , glitters en very ?
Is it a lack of or a of loneliness that make people put up with bullshit
*NAME* China has it right regarding Do not listen to the rhetoric a amp mongering disguising oil a amp gas motives
I have not listened to Remember Me in full in a minute
got ta get up in a hours to ride a plane
Happiness may shift with the circumstances but the Joy of the Lord gives you the Victory over the circumstances
words cant even describe how i feel right now ! mad cmonguys
bawling my eyes out and curled UPI have never felt this sick so far
Had a coffee about a hours ago and I am coming up like a bastard with the and jitters now ! Need a naggin to calm me down !
Working my first Campbell game of the year
Your to dancing like your to big when your boob pops out scotch
After all that ive been through I still have The joy of the Lord is my strength The devil cant steal my joy Joy GMTWEEPS !
*NAME* Waldron you ok ? is such a good hashtag , love getting evil feelings out that way !
Is wanting *NAME* to be healthy to join me back in the paint
RT , follow *NAME* and Winona of the a special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends ! RT WIN
Seen a folks , overcome limitations , by seeing that Thecal be who they DREAM ! That their capacity for is the compass !
*NAME* COMEtake pictures with Comet The Bear in the Pearson Commons from 12-2 PM ! Christmas pictures !
Annoying people who rung you and then hang up once you pick up the phone
Lost volleyball game to meadowlark
Nothing like a am dentist appointment to get your day started right whatdididotodeservethis
Successful day of nothingness Now back to reality
Looking through old Facebook photos , I noticed circa late spring 2009 , aka graduation , that my eyes were bugged out
Arabic coursework deadline extended by a week !
Tyler Seguin a Boston a , Ryan Nugent Hopkins a Edmonton a and Jeff Skinner a Carolina a will not be made available for world juniors
watched the news a amp a amp this lady went to the Error stomach cramps a amp a amp had a whole baby she didn no she was reggo what a
Our storms are designed to test out Faith As a Christian we have the power to Kinin every situation Cry but keep flying ,
mom said someone ant work called her newborn girl LUBNA*wohoo*
Ll ! I just did , too RT*NAME* I forced some down anyway , ll I all regret it later RT*NAME* a_KEY_pao room for dessert
We all are not worthy of God is forgiveness We are saved by His loving grace Do not harbor resentment fear
at JAKARTA a quotMAGICALELECTRO a quot We DJ'sNAME* CHRISTWIST KHALID a amp MAGICIANMASTERDANIELGLDANES*NAME*
I meet Santa Claus ! He said he could not bring me *NAME* a me and *NAME* we are sad
I all miss watching Buehrle on the south side He was my favorite White Sox player
And know I pop bottles because I bottle my emotions At least I put it all in the open
*NAME* x nevermind forget it , and im so mad i forgot the moves earlier !
I am fucking extremely full !
Tweeting For My Big Broad Since His Fact Ass Wan na Take Snack Breaks n Shirt !
Such a pointless day at college , just ate mcdonald now for fitness
Wow ! RT*NAME* I Ve got a feeling that very shortly we all be making a special announcement for a very lucky person !
This novo in the car is so funny about dudes fucking dudes , in the hood
Mum and Dad left £20 and some sweets on our bed ,
www max gait in de Kast liggen en als ik er dan lands loop , vast ie me an attack
At what point does Fred Holberg is heart doctor get concerned ?
Back from the hospital just in time for a tutorial Today will not be a good day boredness fedupness
Our pastor asked us to join in him in fasting , for of days , in that right and exercise
Hannibal for the night for *NAME* birthday !
It is so awesome to a woman when she gets outta the shower by eating her pussy
I have a date BMW I have not been this excited to go out in months I feel the need to look pretty a amp get flowers *NAME* nervous
*NAME* *NAME* miss carmen u need to control that ask joey he does s good job
mid terms begin next week
*NAME* nicole11 it is okay I just wo not get any pain pills til tomorrow cause my mom ca not leave
*NAME* OMGJUST ! i get the death stare tomorrow
Love when mt boyfriend gets drunk , and then no one knows where he is
secretly learning a song on the piano my parents will crap themselves when I preform for them Christmas day cheapgift
Kind of in an amazing mood of
my sissy in law been cooking all day
no matter how much i love her , or tweet her *NAME* will never tweet me back
Break ! 1,000 Angels are cheering for you , blessing you You are fully supported Feel a amp enjoy it LAB
*NAME* On a to a la Vp a ! Un petit cadeau t attend a Paris Nihi a ltm
I release all struggle now , and I am at peace
Debate paper for history
Having a lie in tomorrow ! Do not have to be up till a
o my fucking god new worn album is out
Last day of art appreciation class
WWW Why is Matt Lewis saying that ? a *NAME* Very pleased with that She is tidy Good work , British public Factor a
My House Number Start W 399 but hers start W 396 a amp a amp She just live up the street
dude wants *NAME* to drive to Crafton for pot now we are all even *NAME* josh is the one needing laid tho help him guys
Never run away from your problem face them face to face cause so they will catch and never let goo RIPJane Kane
Life is looking up for the first time in awhile I can truly do all things through Christ who strengthens me !
Jai cru que c'était qq'un qui se outfit de la gueules de *NAME* Official et non , chest le rai A exist encore des gens comme a
My mom bought Star Wars candy canes for me
Break ! Think of your favorite place in the world I a a one being there right now Hear , smell , feel , a amp see it LAB
Nice night of reading ahead
So Ima spend my beday moving my shit
YAY ! I love you ! RT*NAME* *NAME* Della Since you Ve whistled so loudly , come pick a Khazana Voucher for 1,000shs
In the gym this morning Xmas tree afterwards then a nice 4-12 shift at waitrose
Can you believe the debt committee is predicted to announce that they ca not come to any sort of agreement ? Shocking , I know
She Women share on of technology Fear of not being able to find/trust sone to help I a a admit potential , missed opportunities
on the other hand it does mean i have one less test to worry about
An enraged person only gets angrier when you say a I completely understand a
Radio degraded from some good songs to absolute shit
You me I Ve never been more hurt by one person , never been treated like that But I did it to myself , I am the one to blame
Me and my mom just got to the store and realized she left her purse at home
*NAME* Expect your life to be filled with joy and it will be Dating Diva
The Lord taketh pleasure in them that fear him , in those that hope in his mercy a of a KV a hope mercy
suffering from a of failure ? what is the worst case scenario ? If it is not that bad , why are you still afraid ? Mmmm , I think I am going
Love and Hip Hop on my newsfeeds
Just woke up from a coma Now time to take an exam
Open house a sit in campus ministry
Dick Vitale is calling the Ohio State Duke game
Is going to win best boyfriend award for 2011 when she opens her door on her birthday !
this year , for the first time in my life , I will not have a christmas tree in my home
God , got the most amazing pair of shoes ever today ! My feet are going to be fucked up by the time I am of
i hate the human race
Walked into the last day of class to find out there is a quiz
My brother just left with my movie Mark Wahlberg a XA a a ai miss it already !
*NAME* haha np ! that was my first time seeing who was talking about my box bag on twitter
ok free people skirt , hide and seeks over
I have to manage my since people ca not manage their STUPIDITY
I love telling people I have a degree
Man , these I a a in rappers from Brampton are almost as bad as the black ones
Loves talking to my mom and aunt about my summer romance with an older man Kinda Funny
I ts a big distraction from our lives They create the illusion of so we accept their Solutions $ $
Sometimes something great and unexpected happens to turn it all around moodbooster
The fact that *NAME* wedding makes headlines and provides that pathetic excuse of a celebrity with more money makes me sick
I feel as though I live in because there are things I d like to say in this post , but losing my job emptywords
Twitter , you all never see me run as fast again as I am from *NAME* right now
I wonder if my new emoticon keyboard works in Twitter It does ! Probably only visible to i phone Pad users tho
Really wan na go see the lights on the cumberland but the weather just wo not cooperate
hey *NAME* i miss you new friend
First year working Black Friday !
*NAME* ox you guys missed out on free shots from nick ! We got them right after you left
Not even worth a rejection letter
I ts my birthday ! I am officially of a ny shout outs ? It would make me feel special
perfect day to start the Christmas movies POLARERESS
org my black and white cat misses/coco is in my room being nice GREATLY
I love seeing cars with Christmas trees on top !
What makes you rich is not how much money you have in your bank account , but how much you feel everyday happiness
Hell week started a day early
good morning world !
Am in the best real ale pub since the
If you Ve never liked Nickelback then you pretty much wasted most of your life
*NAME* This seems to be a serious conversation ! He seems to be making a proposal Ll Thank you , Kat ! I love you ! Xo Xo
I am exhausted but ca not sleep I just want my nap
I love it when I have a big smile on my face for no reason
Everyone is going to I a a i for Christmas break , well my ass is staying right here in the US NI haha
is remembered Pain and Fear is projecting it into the future Guilt comes from pain with blame Primary pain creates depression
is remembered and is projecting it into the future Guilt comes from pain with blame Primary pain creates depression
I saw the world without any borders in my I was flying under the sun above the trees , no just love Dreams are my reality
The that was filling this building from her , from his death will linger here well after we leave Someone will feel it one day
Oppassen op en Dig meat *NAME* een zinke college servant big *NAME* en moider *NAME* met de us near de I a a e is
Wow ! The Outlet Thanksgiving Dinner was MAJOR ! Foreseeing others honor , respect a Ampare so much ! Food , friends , fun a ampgames were excellent !
Got ta drive in the pitch black to work on the farm
*NAME* hun I Ve known I for of years I think u can figure it out ! Maybe a Christmas present ! me
a more days of this break I do not want it to end
*NAME* good to see you made it out of the library
Great Just noticed I have a spider bite on my face Yay
Ben zogo bang dat ik een hint fruit Heb laten fallen orzo echt its door mid
Officially put in my two weeks notice at work !
Feeling a bit sad tonight
God , do not show me any more I do not think my heart can take it
eating a candy cane
*NAME* Wat een super leuk idee ! Mag ik Je idee stolen door mien use ?
Time for bed before a big day of packing/moving and yet more packing
*NAME* of happy early birthday girl we youuuu more !
Not walking up stairs because you are afraid to trip going up
*NAME* yeah except for me its Kenny running around frantically trying to find me coz Justin is hiding coz its a
Someone went thru our mail and tore open my mom is day card to me ! Looking for $ ? Our neighbor on another street brought it over
There is only one thing that makes a impossible to achieved of failure
Oh my god did an awesome play on love that scene
just finished the last paper I all have to write for the rest of the semester COPIOUSAMOUNTSOF !
Back down in Giovanni for blaw a amp the first person I make eye contact with is Coach dunnomy3to5yet alwaysbescanning Unsight
a hour food technology exam today ,
Fuck all of all we ignore feelings here
*NAME* quiet sala naseeb arab , katrina Toh nail THI par use hame train nail kiyi Hume swimsuit mein deah deah has rah THI
I saw a dead Cardinal outside at lunch I do not think it is a coincidence
Do not Let That Nigra steal your He did not give it To U
so its that time of night where i just have this burst of energy and i wont be able to go to sleep for another hour or two ll
On the way home from Chester Zack drives like something off need for speed
Went to the new balance outlet and switched all the left shoes with right onesthat is what you get for not trying them on
*NAME* of *NAME* I figured it out ! Yay me ! However , Grams was totally in the dark !
Today was a sad day Im gon na miss you Emily tears
Good thing all the union station exits DLA are all being blocked by cops Got lost , now chilling at the hobo capital of the world
Droh RT*NAME* Anna Kooliman leaving *NAME* Excuse me for a second , I need to collect my thoughts
of when your phone starts falling towards your face , but you save it amazing
*NAME* Je suis loun des plus grand fan de Francois Feldman a quand j'étais enfant , maintenance , Je ne l'écoute pas tout les jours a
a *NAME* not afraid of tomorrow , for I have seen yesterday and I love today less a
Have to sing to old people tomorrow
*NAME* Thanks I am so moved by the response But the real magic was seeing hundreds of people turn and see Grim
a *NAME* not afraid of tomorrow , for I have seen yesterday and I love today less a good one !
Crip Walk Off ? RT*NAME* ECSPreparty , I am nervous for my digestive organs *NAME* *NAME* *NAME*
Ca not wait to see *NAME* tonight ! Little does she know that I am sleeping in her bed
*NAME* Robes that how the kids visiting Penn State felt ? of Damn near piss my pants kicking it wit *NAME* and *NAME*
Let is get this day over so I can go home and study
Just letting everybody know how late I was staying up finishing this stupid bacon a just a tad bit of sarcasm
Spanish is the worst class My teacher has been out for two weeks and my peers are proletariats
Jamming to Pandoratrying to bring some light to my day weekend really wish I was able to go home and be with my family
Bases loaded , Lysaught gets a ground rule double and RBI Collins at the plate Sox lead 3-0 shade
*NAME* Donovan lafa no im staying in a normal hotel We get a tour of an amish village TRW
*NAME* YESseriously my dream to get onethe can choose the song mere is more popular , cool , and hotter whatever hearty
I love running into peoples houses and jumping on them to wake their ass up !
Cubiclenama by *NAME* is what Bill Bryson is for travelogues Is Sharp , skeptic and sarcastic
Round two of basketball games
*NAME* Cats are afraid of water waterbrain rainstorms Storms=LIGHTNING Therefore Panthers Lightning bolts
*NAME* Indi , ik had door loud took axe gekocht Alleen dan douche
Soosoo Tired , but I want to watch a movie
Est quasi tude pronto para a , agora s falda eu compar quell chapel de brula para a festa de halloween que ire ter ll
Awake at am Thinking about Advent a love are only possible because of the gospel of Jesus fb
Break ! Riding in a hot air balloon , as you rise higher your frequency goes higher a amp you feel clear a amp light LAB
first , the a batman begins a then , the limits a dark knight a im thinking like , fucking redemption a dark knight rises a
*NAME* chest un gars il tweet trop pas et il apparat de temps en temps comme ca
Why would i nap from 8-830cant sleep now and have to wake for a track meet in a hours
I feel a certain strange surging thru my soul , yet it feels so off-limitswht do I do Who Is there to say ?
and guess what song just popped in my head
Camping out in *NAME* s room because a giant pile of laundry was put on my bed and I have no time for such things exhaustion
Whatttttttttt Central Boy is Basketball Team beat East Hamilton
*NAME* you alright Matt Had a good day ? Mines just started what a
Off to the hospital ! Then gon na have a nosy around NEXTfor a swish suit wood
Pain is my happinessdarkness is my light I am one big void of nothingness
Nu opruimen , dike zoon ! Dan beetle an mien surprise weren , token met *NAME* dan maiden her
Watching and listening to people eat me
*NAME* Buddy the elf , what is your favourite colour ?
It is not a proper relationship without friendship But how do you get it back ?
for remember , fear does not exist anywhere except in the mind a quot a Dale Carnegie
The cafe is serving bile or lunch !
John Arne Rise flattens the man who once flattened him with a golf club
Just made it north of the Masons Dixon line missingthesouth
If you are not smiling , you are like a person with a million dollars in the bank and no checkbook happiness money
March should be a good month if all goes to plan
*NAME* *NAME* Godiva22 *NAME* *NAME* us hell yeah ! Liao I am down it on my side ll
God im so mad its burning my fucking stomach !
all this news has made me very nervous whenever i see a cop even a friendly cop in the mall i hate that
Listening to someone in Smith sing from my room
Sitting here depressed n staring into space
is the lock a amp a amp laughter the key to your heart a
a *NAME* not afraid of tomorrow , for I have seen yesterday and I love today less a
*NAME* als jim big de action bent kick dan even hoeveel de normal pepernoten dear Rijn en de chocolate letters
Arise person saidbundance in the universe is circulating it needs to multiply give it away Bread on water Give
My niece calling to sing Happy Birthday to me love !
Back to the real world !
YOUPUTTHATUKELELEAWAYORIWILLRIPITFROMYOURHANDSANDBEATYOUDEAD We are studying , you dumb shit !
A me manque de ne pas mettle mon doigt dans les marines de mon frere et de Cramer les chevaux de mon colombinus Damour !
Definitely did not feel hershey lightscot as good as it was is middle school
The part where she drinks the blood is vomiter
when your dad is anger and Yuu laugh
I am going to miss staring angrily at *NAME* and *NAME* in the hallways this week
really ? mcdonald cafe machine isnt working peppermint hot chocolate a a
Big thanks to *NAME* for the picture Made my night
Is ze Jarid ? Doe een strike om Je ll en bel big dr an
*NAME* AMEN ! a amp you can tell Him ANYTHING ! He is more than anxious to Grace u with spiritual maturity a amp set u on your path
*NAME* The 2012 Formula a Australian Drivers Championship Calendar will be announced today And it will be very good !
We just delivered a Christmas package to a family in need You should have seen the kids a excitement !
Excited for wednesday People are in for a surprise
Mawningjoy CMS in d mawkin wen u survive d niton ma mind
you put clothes in the washing machine a amp a amp forget the main thing you wanted to wash shit
ik moet een self bedachte gedicht make door school , Oech Je mag self weren wt Je erinzet ! xd
cutting off my camp bracelets is such a sad ritual I mus be reeeeaaalllyy dedicated to this play
Tomorrow is Wednesday a double social studies and Spanish a a
The of winning a battle BTW a person and a temptation is so good that had to make a tost of drink by that i mean Coca cola
Whoooooaaaa ! Slow Ya Roll Buddy ! a in my white girl voice a
Frosteds are back at Argo My favorite part of winter ! argotea
Metal Gear Rising being made by the Bayonets devs ? Yes please !
said he wants to live in u , but he saw fear in your house occupying your space and u would not invite him in ro get rid of
*NAME* is not necessarily a bad thing , as long as it does not compromise ability a amp desire to recognize a amp embrace Truth
*NAME* The scent of your fuzzy peach brings me a it is soosoo gorgeous !
State of certainty to state of confusion just like that
RT , follow *NAME* and Winona of the a special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends ! RT WIN
Guess I better start another long weekend of work
Cody wo not be coming anywhere NEARwhere I live At all a
not afraid of tomorrow , for I have seen yesterday and I love today less a quot
My hair has decided to be a curly mess today
i just finished rewriting all my notes a times now to start writing new notes an write them a times
Tech is as invigorating as ever , a a Ryann is near asleep Boredom
One of those nights when all I wan na do is listen to my i Pod and hide under the covers
ya en casa disputes de una niche de jangueo Maximo en la Ahola a comer also y a descansar que a las a hay que comer en casa de los Vaios
GOSH ! I miss football so much !
catching up on true blood whilst not studying
God please shine your grace and mercy on this oddly looking lady that is about to cut my hair Great Clips !
Finals tomorrow ugh
making my awesome sweet potatoes in my bra , dancing like a white irish girl in the kitchen haha ! all alone n full of
is not a strategy is not a factor is not an option
No sleep for me , been up since am thursday morning Now off too go shopping with my mother in a missy mood
i mean for you to hate it , not mei love it , but there are a few people in for a rude awakening is it in you ? Liao !
*NAME* Lili oui mais le proctologue porte a confusion chez un certain public
clot of ppl r sad that their brother is going to college a amp leaving them well im sad i cant sell my brother on esbay shit
*NAME* I found Shun Shun ! And my phone is finally and officially broken Ll Also , when am I beating you at tennis again ?
Shit , made a play in th quarter when it actually count
I am home watching this sad movie Missing college
The time has arrived for *NAME* to strike in the hearts of the fans I ca not wait I a a wrestling
Today after mass *NAME* and I stop by *NAME* is house after mass to only be disappointed that no one was home emotions
a and a half hours on a bus full of germans
a *NAME* *NAME* the fact of the matter is that is frowned upon a I want to jump through twitter with
a *NAME* a people shot in West Oakland All stable but at least a serious injury a a gt Unfortunately , no one is surprised Hell
Guess I all give up on using the internet for now and do something useful for a change
Do not grieve , for the joy of the Lords your strength Nehemiah of
this of yearly eats 30,000calories a day ohmygod tears Andstomachache
*NAME* I feel like shit Haha like sick
not gon na lie , i fucking most of the people i go to school with
*NAME* my nail polish froze in my basement !
*NAME* *NAME* roo I would Lovato see ! Desperate to seals no tickets available this weekend
*NAME* I am sorry my blanket is not comfortable enough for you , that kid is not hehasfeelingstoo so what if he eats his scabs
I a a exigence puts man on the throne Faith puts God there
I ts like time runs to me , runs to me faster , fastest Oh how I make my self beating no well a a
I wish i could get the lyrics to by *NAME* tattoo d on my body But that d be one big ass tattoo
The snow makes my job just slightly more bearable That is until I have to see tracksuit mcwetass and his fannypack bringing empties
a quot Joy is not the absence of suffering It is the presence of God a quot Robert Sculler jesustweeters
in any form diminishes my ability to think clearly and trust myself Why in the world is it used as a tool so often ?
Making the best bubble bath by putting every single bath soap in
Buenas niches a tondos ! Disputes de un ratio en la a la Camila a descansar
I guess i all always be mum is n dad is Lil girl despite my character as Miss I a a tendent a ltm littlegirlinsideme
The s not the problem Cheryl Janecky loa anxiety
*NAME* Got his days numbered before he go against them clipper boys with the speedos and thong flip flops da beach !
Suppose I d better crack on Have new Coming out to meet us
setting up my grandpas tv with my dad xx
Damn i thought we were friendsbut i really do not you like bitch Haha
www so close to seeing *NAME* at the soundcheck party on tuesday but i have school
*NAME* JUSTCONFIRMEDI'MNOTTHEONLYONEWHOLOOKSATTHENBASCHEDULEDAILY
Well its half a in the morning and cant sleep
a *NAME* Alright everyone I am up this early today Happy thanksgiving ! Thankful a
a quot *NAME* not afraid of tomorrow , for I have seen yesterday and I love today less a quot
TEARSAREAHFORMOFPROTECTIONISNOTMYDIRECTION
when I found out that Glare doing their tour at the Of on my birthdayand I do not have tickets to go
The fear of the is the beginning of wisdomdoing His will connotes His
For the next of hrs i go from an employed actor unemployed actor to salesman ! !
I actually do get to do s send today but it is Compast New England Sports Net meaning all Boston sports
Morning Have a lovely day everyone a Wishing your day to be filled with a amp Happiness Huge
i just wan na listen to music , but my stupid ass iPod is broke
Great ! You can babysit your nephew ! RT*NAME* *NAME* myrica *NAME* Im coming to stay with all next week !
a a _iSMELLROSESI see it i see it bol RT*NAME* Does It BettaNAME* ll yeah I totally meant you a see what I dud there ? a a ll
People think I Ve changed , just cause my appeal has grown *NAME* a gt a gt a gt a gt
United losingRTif the feeling is mutual
a hour car ride
*NAME* Do you celebrate an adoption day ? We celebrate the day we reentered the From Belarus
Oh hey *NAME* your giving me a ride tomorrow
got the jobbbb now to study for physics and arch history the rest of the night
Sucks when you do not have WiFi and you dont have your cell phone and ou ca not get on twitter
Dear a Santali know what my christmas present is ssssshhhh
I am writing an apologetic letter to a judge
*NAME* I miss my ice man ! And that was a great
*NAME* the shahquot As the rest of the country starves , i all have some peacock and sorbet a quot GHARBZADEGI at its finest iran
zo omkleden en zo , , even near een winkel door een cadootje door me pa
Wen tears of joy flood my eyes else
having your own personal little mini breakdown
I ate a burrito the size of my arm earlier and now i am weathering the calm before the storm
I ts been my pleasure to watch the stifle the during the first half of the game
Some days you turn up to a gig to find its a double headliner with another band you like win
Six chapter of Economics to study for tomorrow is final
When I tweet something stupid as fuck everyone retreats it ?
*NAME* *NAME* I missed I was so exhausted from that I fell asleep !
Gedoucht , en ben echt moe ! Gelukkig sandbag been lang age ! En als ik this com moet ik took nog even een gedicht make !
You are like an I a a in summer in the middle of winter Like a hard candy , with a center
I do not need to swear to anything Punch your mrs and you all wake up with your dick on your pillow next to bloody scissors
Having fun in the studio Finally producing again Just for me a no customer with the final decision break
I know im sorry RT*NAME* *NAME* you betterill try and forgive you not being here for my big of
Eeeeeeeee a more friends got engaged ! Next summer is wedding season calendar will be filling up quickly !
I love when the kids I am babysitting make a scene in Chick Fila because they ca not have icecream
*NAME* nm just lying on bed sad bout people I ca not have ll
Money is not made out of paper , it is made out of cotton
Broke Up With Cause Finally Realized It Was Holding Me Back I am In Love With Grace Now , a amp It is Now My Motivation a XA a TeamJESUS
Did you bust out some beautiful rose clothing for Gaudete Sunday ?
Off to the pub to meet friends a again-after last night a plus putting the tree up this arvo
Asked a kid how old he thought I was , his answer , thank goodness I got my ancome stuffs !
Murielle Scherle en La fille dioon stage *NAME*
a quot You should have the of losing one is softness in the heart and its hardening a quot islam
hoy ensaladita con polls ! con las bells y
Hate having a lack of friends , if someone does not take me to see *NAME* tonight I may go a little crazy issues
Clot of people is biggest is death and a lot of others is clowns My biggest fear Death by Clowns ! There is nothing scarier !
COMMFINALGOTMOVEDTOTHE13TH ! FTOWNHEREICOMEAWEEKEARLIER TEARS HAPPINESS
I am noticing a pattern And I do not understand it
Going home to blasting christmas music tistheseason
And would be back right in time for th block
The Joy of the Lord is my strength nothing on this earth that happens to me can take that from me He is faithful
It is me , and one other lady in the office today cant I just work from home ?
Good morning and I am off to work until a tonight
*NAME* Crispy a amp *NAME* Si Je vous fair un sneak peak de mon chapeau , vous le garden pour vous ? Ou vous préférez la ?
Eye appointment time
Holy shit I just weighed myself for the first time since before college I put on of pounds in a semester Pure in myself
Great , Jay is coming out of Daniel Get ready for a rage
*NAME* Most people the blacksheep and also scared of their shadows ! One who lurks in the darkness is a mystery !
*NAME* yeah good ta x not really a rush more of a slow burn ! Start of the of finish next week
SHIT ! I ran outta fruity pebbles ! Dam
Shopping shopping shopping
Finished my paper ! Ended up with 1700 words total ! I am happy with it !
Why does my *NAME* look so fucked up ? ! I was on my channel an hour ago and it was normal Kinda cool , but totally unexpected
keep praying ! LOLOOoo DONTSTOP ! praying keeps you in Happy ! happy a dont let that ole devil drag u down PPP !
You know i spend money cause spending time is hopeless
Haha im so mad at this chick and her weave is all over my laptop *NAME*
but theyre so fucking predictable Yup there gon na get married in the end
If your a girl and you smoke clot of weed you me
I enjoy the moments in life when motion-sensored paper towel dispensers work
My ex a quadruple hoe ! Sumbodi need to one stop plain we her Lil scaryDALOUDESTDOGNDAPOUNDKEEPHISTAILTUCKEDNHISASS !
Very possible that i will be receiving an I a a oe Msfor christmas after receiving a text message from Verizon congratulating me
5000 is door *NAME* *NAME* *NAME* *NAME* *NAME* *NAME* Romy meat de lazy song echt super words met hun
Hopefully not D renamed My econ class a amp I are going to fail beckley class miserably
Losing people everyday and I am sick of crying nd bein sad is the next emotion
I never got a chance b my fathers child n yet u ask me to kneel ?
*NAME* *NAME* *NAME* *NAME* *NAME* 0227 *NAME* love a quotas of my days are your hand GOOD a quot whew that song
Ca not go to bed I keep looking at the window hoping that my car wo not be robbed a , vacation
Tonight is going to consist of cleaning my whole place before i go home
It is official I have dedication a amp determination I Ve been studying for Chemistry nonstop since pm yesterday
Hate trains just ran for one and missed it by a second , saw it drive away , now half hour wait for the next one oh
is rocking to REM Around the Sun while working from his home office today Sipping coffee and dogs hanging around feet
Big Time Rush *NAME* there my a amp Happy Holidays
*NAME* les francais ne vient plus la France comme un AAA ? *NAME* *NAME*
My Motorola has stopped working Guess I am using the Blackberry until its fixed hatest
And my black Friday shift begins
Realistic bad dreams really suck , especially when about someone close to you Must resist urge to call them at a am
Heavy night last night last night with *NAME* Now drive back home and work tomorrow
It is midnight ! CHRISTMASMUSICISAGO !
I like this a *NAME* not afraid of tomorrow , for I have seen yesterday and I love today less
in thy call you Sister in Peace thy hate U
Obsessed with everything *NAME* at the moment In fact , I am always in love It does not fade love fashion
Found out my friend is pregnant
I think its jus Gods will that i dont live in new zealand with my farms , cuz God only knows if i was down there jeeeesus christ
Exam finals time
I made a a quot Highlander a quot reference last night about how there can be only one black guy at the party Only ONEperson got it
Hello world Give me a shout , it is a brand new day starting here happy
Family work out class
Never ending christmas tunes at work
RT , follow *NAME* and Winona of the a special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends ! RT WIN
i ca not watch KKTNYcause i do not have cable a a
No , you are voice was not in a rushing wind It was still , it was small , it was hidden Oh , you came like a winter snow
*NAME* a amp *NAME* stuart wonderful job , such a refreshing night of worship ! Thanks for using your gifts to bring glory to his name !
Have my schedule for Aero , waiting for Tellys now
Seriously can not get enough of Matthew and Atlas Listening to a quot To the North a quot Upon repeat
